read me file

 
1. download the record (zipped record prog6211_ST10127438¬ _final poe _MUNEI-MUKWEVHO), find the record withinside the downloads or your default down load folder
2. Extract all/unzip document, open the record written prog6211_ST10127438_final poe _MUNEI-MUKWEVHO after extraction.
3. Under prog6211_ST10127438_MUNEI-MUKWEVHO record open C# mission record written st10127438_final poe
4. When this system opens and indicates all coding, at the menu bar the is a button in inexperienced with image of play  close to the button those phrases written st10127438_final poe which shows the call of this system opened, click on at the button, and watch for few seconds/mins for this system to construct and display a window.
5. A window with a message  Home Loan Page will appear.
6. The application will start to spark off the consumer, the consumer need to press input after each enter they make.
7. Enter all values below every query:
 month-to-month gross profits earlier than deduction
 tax deduction
 groceries
 water and electricity
 tour charges along with petrol
 mobileular telecellsmartphone and telephone
 different expenses
8. this system will spark off a query wherein you pick the sort of Property you need. The consumer will select among 1. Rent or 2 that is purchase property.
9. If the consumer selects alternative 1 that is hire, this system will spark off a query
 Enter month-to-month hire quantity
10. After the consumer inputs the value, this system will calculate the full in spite of everything month-to-month deductions. If the hire quantity is extra than month-to-month profits without or with deductions, then this system will provide out a waring massage “homeloan is unluckily”.
11. If the consumer selects alternative 2 that is purchase property, this system will spark off a questions
 Purchase charge of the property
 Total deposit
 Interest rate (percentage)
 Number of months to repay (among 240 and 360
12. The application will calculate homeloan overall in spite of everything deductions after the consumer’s inputs. if the house mortgage reimbursement is extra than the 1/3 this system will provide out caution message “homeloan is unluckily”. Then display the ultimate stability in spite of everything deductions.
1. The application will spark off the query do you need to buy a automobile, select among 1 and 2.
2. Then input all values been requested for if decided on a. Model and make.
b. Purchase charge.
c. Total deposit.
d. Interest rate (percentage).
e. Estimated coverage premium
13. If select no that is 2 this system will close.
14. The application will the calculate your continue to be stability in spite of everything automobile deductions
15. The application will cease then the consumer can press any key to shut the window.
